README.md, before:

# Sweet Shop web site auto-testing

##### Done for task `QA UI Automation Test`

![image](https://sweetshop.netlify.app/favicon.png)

## TABLE OF CONTENT

## Technology stack

| GitHub                                                                                 |                                                                   IDEA                                                                   |                                                                   Java                                                                   |                                                                  Junit5                                                                  |                                                                  Gradle                                                                  |                                                                 Selenide                                                                 |                                                                  Allure                                                                  |                                                                                                      
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/25/25231.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120561799-e88b6300-c40d-11eb-91ba-d4103ef6d4b5.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120561837-f7721580-c40d-11eb-8590-7b3b0b5eb50d.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562013-43bd5580-c40e-11eb-926f-1b8d3dc9e965.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562398-fbeafe00-c40e-11eb-9fe7-3a641bf7115c.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562458-1c1abd00-c40f-11eb-8ce8-2eb023f3e24f.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562749-b5e26a00-c40f-11eb-91d9-641e254428c9.png" width="40" height="40"> |

## How to:
### 1. Run tests

**./gradlew runWebTests**

###

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f435505-c3d0-4111-9367-363898184ed2)

###

### 2. generate allure report

**allure serve build/allure-results**

###

### 3. generate allure report

**allure serve build/allure-results**

###

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dc5ea49-22ca-4f7e-a4d9-0c0cc120e2d5)

###

## Allure report

### Common report info

### Testsuites

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89551d0b-6e1a-4632-9069-080a6adb3950)

###

## :arrow_forward: Failed test information

### In purpose failed test (unsuccessfull login try)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fc56e307-db23-48c5-8feb-f0098845ab22)

### Positive tests (with last screen screenshot)

### 1. All the selected items are present in basket.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/80d09586-308e-4b2e-8ac2-62a41706dad7)

###

### 2. Test the total price in GBP is correct i.e., matches the price of individual items based on quantity.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bc13509-164c-41d2-9a25-e4d1df627ff2)

###

### 3. Change the delivery type to Standard Shipping and verify the total price.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87171963-64eb-4fde-8606-b014245e6803)

###

### 4. Fill the details and click on checkout.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2776be5a-6655-4058-87b1-d69cdf3e83fb)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7ba7f0c-e9d8-4e27-a8ef-0af1502234de)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/780ba6ee-9342-4747-928f-c7714ce942a3)

###

### 5. Login to account

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73c48c18-7a1a-45b5-b90e-6da89f917a99)

###

Commit message:

Preprod Added changes for Readme file

README.md, after:

# Sweet Shop web site auto-testing

##### Done for task `QA UI Automation Test`

![image](https://sweetshop.netlify.app/favicon.png)

## TABLE OF CONTENT

## Technology stack

| GitHub / Github Action                                                                 |                                                                   IDEA                                                                   |                                                                   Java                                                                   |                                                                  Junit5                                                                  |                                                                  Gradle                                                                  |                                                                 Selenide                                                                 |                                                                  Allure                                                                  |                                                                                                      
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/25/25231.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120561799-e88b6300-c40d-11eb-91ba-d4103ef6d4b5.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120561837-f7721580-c40d-11eb-8590-7b3b0b5eb50d.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562013-43bd5580-c40e-11eb-926f-1b8d3dc9e965.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562398-fbeafe00-c40e-11eb-9fe7-3a641bf7115c.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562458-1c1abd00-c40f-11eb-8ce8-2eb023f3e24f.png" width="40" height="40"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38681283/120562749-b5e26a00-c40f-11eb-91d9-641e254428c9.png" width="40" height="40"> |

## How to:
### 1. Run tests locally

**./gradlew runWebTests**

###

### 2. Github Actions pipeline:
#### CI-CD pipeline placed in .github/workflows folder as gradle-ci-cd.yml file. 
#### It contain steps that should be done after pushes for every of tracked branches (qa, preprod, prod) on defined Env.
#### Defined different testsuite content, job sequence, and environments.
#### After test run completion testrun result is archived and published. Also generated testrun Allure report
##### (Known GA limitation that only last Allure report is accessible).  
#### Allure report and test run artifact archive may be found in `pages-build-deployment` Actions
#### Here is some screenshots:
##### QA pipeline sequence - 

##### Preprod pipeline sequence -

##### Prod pipeline sequence -



![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f435505-c3d0-4111-9367-363898184ed2)

###

### 2. generate local allure report

**allure serve build/allure-results**

###

###

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dc5ea49-22ca-4f7e-a4d9-0c0cc120e2d5)

###

## Allure report

### Common report info

### Testsuites

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89551d0b-6e1a-4632-9069-080a6adb3950)

###

## :arrow_forward: Failed test information

### In purpose failed test (unsuccessfull login try)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fc56e307-db23-48c5-8feb-f0098845ab22)

### Positive tests (with last screen screenshot)

### 1. All the selected items are present in basket.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/80d09586-308e-4b2e-8ac2-62a41706dad7)

###

### 2. Test the total price in GBP is correct i.e., matches the price of individual items based on quantity.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bc13509-164c-41d2-9a25-e4d1df627ff2)

###

### 3. Change the delivery type to Standard Shipping and verify the total price.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87171963-64eb-4fde-8606-b014245e6803)

###

### 4. Fill the details and click on checkout.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2776be5a-6655-4058-87b1-d69cdf3e83fb)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7ba7f0c-e9d8-4e27-a8ef-0af1502234de)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/780ba6ee-9342-4747-928f-c7714ce942a3)

###

### 5. Login to account

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73c48c18-7a1a-45b5-b90e-6da89f917a99)

###
